WELCOME TO KS MEDIA!


Use this document as a general guide for how you should be operating step-by-step within our systems here at KS Media. 




Onboarding: 


1. You’ll be sent an SOP through Slack for how to use Airtable. Watch this video carefully and be sure to follow procedure carefully. We rely on Airtable to keep track of everything that comes and goes through. There cannot be mistakes made on Airtable when uploading, or it could derail how we’re tracking the content pipeline. 
   1. AIRTABLE SOP: Airtable SOP 
2. After watching the Airtable SOP, send us your payment details through Slack. We make payments on the 15th and the 30th of every month respectively (certain unique exceptions can be made if discussed)
3. Through Slack, let us know when you start working everyday,and in what timezone. This allows us to set up automated messages for your check-in.


Editing:


        We hold a high standard of editing at KS Media. These are clients that are massive professionals in their own spaces, and we always want to be putting our best foot forward. When editing videos, always keep in mind:


1. We prioritize quality over speed. We would much rather you take your time and put in the most effort into a video rather than rush it over. Deadlines are important, but quality always matters more.
2. Always review footage before sending/uploading. We will not allow footage with massive chunks of rendering errors/glitching. You should always be reviewing your work before sending it over to us. If your work is reviewed, you’re certain there’s no errors on your end, it’ll mean that there’s less possibility for more revision rounds. Less revision rounds means less footwork for you, and faster completion times for us. 
3. Communication & ETA Updates. Always provide fully realistic ETAs and keep us proactively updated on video progress. We must know when the video is ready at all times. Daily check-ins are required via our automated update messages so we consistently know the current status.
4. If you’re stuck on any part of the process or uncertain as to what the client might be looking for in the video, do NOT hesitate to reach out to us. Communication is a high priority, and we will never be bothered, no matter how many messages you send our way. It’s our goal to help you as much as you need in order for you to create the best videos possible.
5. Adhere strictly to deadlines. Recognize that our work operates on tight timelines and timely delivery is essential. 




(continued)


Uploading:


Review the Airtable SOP closely, but also be wary of these details:


1. Videos should always be uploaded into Frame.io. Using Frame allows us to upload comments on exact timestamps, which in turn makes it way easier and more efficient for you to understand what fixes need to be made and where they need to be. 
2. It’s super important for the video titles to match with the assigned number in Airtable. For example, if you’re working on [Client 2], the title of the export should be [Client2_1]. If there’s revision notes added, then the next version should be titled [Client2_2] etc. 
3. Frame.io links in Airtable should always follow the following format: https://f.io/-...   if the link is something along the lines of “next.frame…” then it has been uploaded incorrectly and we will not be able to access the file. 


Overall:


        It can’t be stressed enough, communication is #1. You’ll be sent an automated message daily around the time you log on. It is important you respond to us by letting us know what you’re working on, how it’s going, and the ETA. If you don’t reply to the automated message, we will assume you simply are not working, and unless your offline status was discussed previously, it will not be acceptable as we have tight deadlines and need work completed on time. 


We are here to help you, we expect your best foot forward at all times, and outstanding work will always be appreciated and rewarded.